# Domain Analysis

> Regarding the post feedback feature

__Proposal:__

We would like to organize posts but also allow certain posts to be more relevant than others. Posts could be assigned a color, with colors existing on a scale of different hues. Each hue representing a weight. Uesrs would declare their interest in a certain hue and posts would be recommended to them baesd on the hue that they select. The hue attribute and behaviors would be encapsulated in the private API. We could implement a behavior to get the recommended posts for a user in the Site Manager object.


*Honorable Mentions:*<br>
Another thought was that we only allow users with high points answer questions of certain colors. Users can earn one point if their post gains at least 5 likes.

The idea of being able to select a best answer would be something interesting to do.

We alo find the concept of post-views interesting. Views seem to give life to the posts. Views might be hard to implement given our current impelementation techniques/resources.



----
We analyzed actual implementations  with similar characteristics to the feature(s) that we've proposed.
----


### 1. Reddit

Reddit implements the up/down vote feature for posts. Users can up/down vote posts. Posts that are more relevant are those with more upvotes. Members are directly rewarded for upvotes and punished for downvotes with a system called karma.

__Pros/Cons:__<br>
At a glance, this seems like a good system because it allows one to easily determine the value of a member to the website. It also allows posts to be sorted on score, or, the number of upvotes after the down votes have been accumultated. A con of this feature, however, is that it enables people to troll and creates bad-post trends. If a post becomes so trendy, it will suddenly become more relevant than other posts and will made others harder to find.

### 2. Stack Exchange

StackExchange only allows users with a certain reputation to comment. Users earn reputataion by performing various tasks like posting the first question, using proper formattting, asscociating accounts, etc.


__Pros/Cons:__<br>
This feature is good because it creates incentives for people to use the app more. It's also good because it could possibly weed out lower quality posts from people who are not as experienced with the website. The feature, however, of this micromanagement of posting and reputation often makes the website harder to use. It seems that the number of restrictions causes the website to be somewhat convolouted and begins to discourage some users from participating.

### 3. BuzzFeed 

BuzzFeed Implements a feature in which tags are assigned to posts by users. The tags are simple key words/phrases that teens use in every day life such as "lol" or "wtf" and each post contains someinformation which has somewhat of an association to the phrase. 


__Pros/Cons:__<br>
This is a good way to establish personal connection with people who use the site. They identify with the phrases that are used as tags, establish associations with the posts by using the tags, and relate to the website on a personal level. This feature is somewhat useless, however, because it is subjective to each person. Since the tags are not numeric or explicit in what they mean, the posts are not absoulutely organized. For example, one person might think of the phrase "lol" as meaning that something is hilarious while another person might think that "lol" stands for "lots of love", thus associating the phrase with a moving or emotional post.

### 4. Yahoo Answers

Yahoo Answers implements a feature in which a user can select a best answer for the post. We like this idea and would even consider implementing it in the future. We are listing the feature here because it is not only interesting from a stand point outside of our current intentions with Req. 6, but it also intersects with what we would like to implemenent. 

__Pros/Cons:__<br>
The feature is good because it often allows users to get right to the correct answer without having to sift through incorrect/irrelevant answers, posts, or comments. The feature can go wrong, however, if the user incorrecly assumed that the given answer was right. Someone else could come along and assume that an incorrect answer to a question was the correct ansewer just because it was selected as the best answer on a post. We like the Yahoo Answers platform because it allows users to give more value to certain posts. Another reason why we like this feature is because it makes the platform easier for other users viewing the same question.


### 5. Baidu Knows
Some things that the Q/A website Baidu Knows does are pretty interesting. The website implements levels and badges which each come with rewards depending on what level the user advances to. The levels are earned by user participation. The site is just really easy to use, is cleverly designed to highten incentive, and is just overall astheically pleasign with its visuals and graphics. The site also comes with a search engine for finding specific keywords in posts.

